Major Accomplishments:

Pharma Web Poratal(PWP) -  Deployed 7 Services Successfully with Lower Environment Followed Up With production. No Escalations Smoothly Handeled

Phonix -  Rental rightway Batch  - Deployed the Services Successfully With Zero Escalations for PROD.

Team DCRS - dcrs proxy, dcrs Bridge, dcrsmassupload (Rabbit mQ to IBM MQ Migration).  Successfully Deployed Service to Prod With Zero Escalations.
Received Appreciation Mail From Client For DCRS Services.



Advance Cluster Security (ACS) - Implementation for all the CRU 6 java Services Up and Running Smoothly.

Corporate Finance Commisssions (CRU)- Took Over the Complete Charge From Offshore after our team Lead left and 
Managed All 6 java Services Followed By UI testing and Received 

Moved To team 5 and team 4 to Complete the Assigned Work When The Tasks having High Priority(Critical Services CRU(17) and PRP(18)) 
 received Appreciation from Client Manager "Natalie Shaw Kiellier".





Meetings : 

Joined Weely Standup Call With Client to Understan thier requirement on The Migrating applications.

Co-ordinating With Laxmi(TL) to Accomplishments  of The Work Assigned to Our Team

Stretching Extra Hours With Onshore Team members like Michael, Srinivas Nall, Sneha, Hanamana For Achieving Good Productivity
 for Our Migration Work.

 Gave OS Migration KT to Client as Per Bhagya's direction.

Extra Curricular :

 Managing The Team Members to Perform the Specific Work which is Instatnly Assigned from onshore.

 Co-ordinating With team Members Daily for Getting thier Work updates, and Suggesting The Solutions For The unsolved problem or issues.
 
 Stretching Extra Hours With Onshore Team members like Michael, Srinivas Nall, Sneha, Hanamana For Achieving Good Productivity
 for Our Migration Work.
 
 Co-ordinating With Laxmi(TL) to Accomplishments  of The Work Assigned to Our Team

 Worked With OS - EKS Automation Tool (Successfully Implemented The new Features Which ever Need to be implemented for the Tool)
 
 
 Certifications:
 
Completed AWS Cloud Practitioner Course with Completion Certificate.
Completed AWS Solutions Architect Associate Course with Completion Certificate.(Planning to take Exam for AWS Solutions Architect Associate )
Completed Generative AI Intro Course with Completion Certificate.




Interest : To Work With Full stack Development Projects, Devops , Cloud ,..
